feat(processor.Scaler): Adding scaler processor plugin (#13061)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/processors/scale/README.md

# Scale Processor Plugin

The scale processor filters for a set of fields,
and scales the respective values from an input range into
the given output range according to this formula:

$$\textnormal{result}=(\textnormal{value}-\textnormal{input\_minimum})\cdot
\frac{(\textnormal{\textnormal{output\_maximum}}-\textnormal{output\_minimum})}
{(\textnormal{input\_maximum}-\textnormal{input\_minimum})} +

> \textnormal{output\_minimum}$$

Reviewer: This is giving an error when previewing.

If you put it on multiple lines, maybe better to put it in a math block with ```math

The input fields are expected to be numeric.

> Strings representing a single numer are also allowed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Strings representing a single number are also allowed.
```

> The input fields are expected to be numeric.
> Strings representing a single numer are also allowed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Input fields are converted to floating point values. If the conversion fails, those fields are ignored.
```
Please check if the second sentence is correct!? You should mention what happens if you have e.g. a string field that contains a text like `foobar`.

[CONFIGURATION.md]: ../../../docs/CONFIGURATION.md#plugins

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Scale values with a predefined range to a different output range.
[[processors.scale]]
    ## It is possible to define multiple different scaling that can be applied
    ## do different sets of fields. Each scaling expects the following
    ## arguments:
    ##   - input_minimum: Minimum expected input value
    ##   - input_maximum: Maximum expected input value
    ##   - output_minimum: Minimum desired output value
    ##   - output_maximum: Maximum desired output value
    ##   - fields: a list of field names (or filters) to apply this scaling to
    
    ## Example: Define a scaling
    # [processors.scale.scaling]
    #    input_minimum = 0
    #    input_maximum = 1
    #    output_minimum = 0
    #    output_maximum = 100
    #    fields = ["temperature1", "temperature2"]
    
    ## Multiple scalings can be defined simoultaniously
    ## Example: A second scaling. 
    # [processors.scale.scaling]
    #    input_minimum = -2800
    #    input_maximum = 100
    #    output_minimum = -20
    #    output_maximum = 40

>     #    fields = ["humidity1", "humidity2"]

Reviewer: Can you also include an example section as done in for example the [pivot](https://github.com/influxdata/telegraf/tree/master/plugins/processors/pivot#example) processor?

## Configuration

```toml @sample.conf
# Scale values with a predefined range to a different output range.
[[processors.scale]]
    ## It is possible to define multiple different scaling that can be applied
    ## do different sets of fields. Each scaling expects the following
    ## arguments:
    ##   - input_minimum: Minimum expected input value
    ##   - input_maximum: Maximum expected input value
    ##   - output_minimum: Minimum desired output value
    ##   - output_maximum: Maximum desired output value
    ##   - fields: a list of field names (or filters) to apply this scaling to
    
    ## Example: Define a scaling
    # [processors.scale.scaling]
    #    input_minimum = 0
    #    input_maximum = 1
    #    output_minimum = 0
    #    output_maximum = 100
    #    fields = ["temperature1", "temperature2"]
    
    ## Multiple scalings can be defined simultaneously
    ## Example: A second scaling. 
    # [processors.scale.scaling]
    #    input_minimum = 0
    #    input_maximum = 50
    #    output_minimum = 50
    #    output_maximum = 100
    #    fields = ["humidity*"]
```

## Example

```diff
- temperature, cpu=25
+ temperature, cpu=75.0

> ```

Reviewer: To which example config does this result relate to? Please use one of the sample configs, so users can directly see what the result of it might be.

# Scale Processor Plugin

The scale processor filters for a set of fields,
and scales the respective values from an input range into
the given output range according to this formula:

```math
\text{result}=(\text{value}-\text{input\_minimum})\cdot\frac{(\text{output\_maximum}-\text{output\_minimum})}
{(\text{input\_maximum}-\text{input\_minimum})} +
\text{output\_minimum}

> ```

Reviewer 3: I realize others asked for this, but I really do not like this. This only is easily readable when looking at the readme on github where it is rendered.

No need to change, but I will follow-up with sven on this when he is back.

Reviewer: Some IDE’s also support this. If not, via a plugin.
